Area	Title	Description	
Contact.Bio	Contact	College sophomore looking for internships in mechanical engineering	
Contact.Bio	Contact	With 15+ years of experience in the IT/Telecom industry, I have acquired a tremendous amount of hands on and technical project management knowledge. My current objective is to apply my technical knowledge and project management skills to help lead a competitive growing company to a new level of success and guide them towards a new age of advanced technology	
Contact.Bio	Contact	A multifaceted, solutions-focused, and customer/employee-oriented Hospitality and Event Services Professional offering extensive operational management experience and a demonstrated track record of success within a variety of environments in the food and beverage arena. Recognized as a performer able to successfully and efficiently manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously, resolve issues, and consistently meet established goals and exceed key performance objectives. Direct and decisive leader, convincing motivator, and effective trainer dedicated to continuous improvements in quality, productivity, efficiency, and customer service. Highly developed interpersonal, organizational, time, relationship management, and problem-solving skills. Strong qualifications in personnel development, team-building, and team leadership. Microsoft Office proficient	
Contact.Bio	Contact	Goal-oriented, high-energy SALES & MARKETING PROFESSIONAL. Develop and harness business relations to cultivate and capture new and existing business that establish targeted goals. Effectively assess challenges and implement strategies to maximize sales. Drive and perseverance to deliver quality in service and product	
Contact.Bio	Contact	Senior Web Developer specializing in front end development. Experienced with all stages of the development cycle for dynamic web projects. Well-versed in numerous programming languages including HTML5, PHP OOP, JavaScript, CSS, MySQL. Strong background in project management and customer relations	
Contact.Bio	Contact	An office manager with over IS years experience in Medical Office Operations within fast-paced environments. ability to lead and motivate employee. Familiar with all aspects of daily business operations including: Personnel, Human Resource Issues. HIPPA and OSHA Compliance. Contract Negotiations. Payroll. Federal Tax Preparation and numerous administrative functions	
Contact.Bio	Contact	Entrepreneurial executive with more than 15 years of experience managing sales, marketing, operations, personnel and merchandising at the district, regional and corporate level for both start-up and established retail, franchise and manufacturing companies. Motivational management style with a record of building and retaining highly motivated sales teams, distributor networks and manufacturers representatives. Successful in identifying opportunities for accelerated growth	
Contact.Bio	Contact	Highly organized and diligent professional drawing upon ten years of experience in accounting and finance to contribute to smooth and productive operations. Collaborate cross-functionally across organizational levels to build consensus, track benchmark achievement, and troubleshoot emerging issues	
Contact.Bio	Contact	I am an experienced and influential Account and Business Development Manager demonstrating a proven track record in the delivery of corporate disciplines acquired principally within the hospitality industry. I am able to provide the culmination of over 5 years of experience, which includes key account management, operations management, customer service, business development and project management. I am a creative thinker and business leader, who proactively identifies and secures new business opportunities all in the pursuit of business growth and new business development. I offer considerable expertise in enhancing revenues through a strategic and solutions-based approach. I am presently seeking a new opportunity within business development where I can advance my skills and expertise whilst also allowing for continued professional development	
Contact.Bio	Contact	Your role will encompass all facets of the calculation of net asset values on a variety of complex hedge funds. Working closely with the senior fund accountants, supervisors and (Senior)/account managers, your responsibilities will include	
Contact.Bio	Contact	Offering more than 10 years* successful project management experience combined with a four-year degree. Highly successful in designing and implementing creative media campaigns, utilizing strategic partnerships, and securing celebrity endorsements. Strong international sports background, event management, and Olympic exposure with a proven track record handling live televised events. Established outstanding media relationships around the globe with journalists, editors, and producers. Willing to travel and relocate	
Job.Description	Job	"Managed day-to-day operations for a full-service restaurant and bar with annual sales of $800K including event coordination and planning. Provided strategic leadership and direction for current and future operational plans; maintained direct oversight of marketing, menu development and costing, scheduling and payroll, billing, monthly F&B inventories, P&L, and quarterly revenue forecasting. • Sourced, selected, and negotiated with vendors/suppliers. Managed, controlled, and purchased inventory including all food, liquor, beer, wine, and mixers; conducted inventory counts and coordinated vendor delivery schedules to ensure appropriate levels of inventory. Directed a staff of up to fifteen (15) employees responsible for food preparation and service delivery; assessed employee performance and provided ongoing direction, mentoring, and support. Scheduled work hours; planned staff schedules to ensure adequate manpower coverage. Spearheaded the recruitment, training, staffing, and scheduling of restaurant/catering personnel; developed job descriptions and responsibilities and completed all new hire paperwork. Enforced adherence to corporate standards/guidelines at all times. Selected Accomplishments: Demonstrated track record of increasing revenues. Revitalized restaurant concept; performed extensive interior renovations, added an entertainment stage and brought in new clientele"	
Job.Description	Job	"Promotions & Marketing (Self-Employed) Marketed and promoted a variety of small and large-scale events, ranging in size from 200 to 400 attendees, at local bars designed to increase/attract clientele. Oversaw the entire event process including the initial stage of selling, contractual negotiations, pre-planning, budget forecasting, cost analysis, on-site execution, and post-program evaluation. Planned and created unique ideas, marketing strategies, and promotions for events; identified and exploited profitable opportunities. Catered to VIP’s and established a network of valuable relationships which benefited clients. Successfully negotiated contracts with major artists and venues; coordinated on-line ticket sales and created radio advertisements. Identified and acquired new business opportunities; cultivated and maintained existing relationships. Effectively and professionally negotiated, communicated, and represented each account; ensured and enforced all sponsor requirements per contractual agreements. Managed, and trained event day venue and catering staffs of up to thirty (30); effectively supervised event staff exercising strong personnel management, team development, and project leadership skills"	
Job.Description	Job	"Selected Accomplishments Consistently met budgetary guidelines. Featured on the front cover of the November issue of ABC magazine in recognition of impact on Any Town’s nightlife, 2005. Conceptualized and implemented a successful “Local Celebrity” promotion which lasted each week for four (4) months at a local club in Any Town; networked with a number of local businesses to sponsor and/or have a presence at the event each week. Sold/capped out at twenty (20) sponsors in just two (2) weeks"	
Job.Description	Job	"Service Coordinator & Bartender/Fill in Manager/Wait Staff Trainer/Head Waiter Managed all components of food/beverage services including financial performance, planning and budgeting, staffing and scheduling, associate training and development, and food procurement, preparation, and safety in the absence of the General Manager. Helped recruit, interview, and staff servers; spearheaded new employee training programs and orientations. Conducted pre-shift meetings with a staff of approximately fifty (50) including servers, bartenders, cooks, banquet, and room service personnel. Created seating charts and determined sections for waitstaff; coordinated employee training, performed uniform inspections, and designed/implemented incentives and other motivational programs to enhance customer service competencies. Resolved complex, escalated customer issues by interfacing with patrons and other internal departments. Promoted and sold items to customers; conferred with patrons to resolve problems. Managed, controlled, and purchased inventory including liquor, beer, wine, and mixers; coordinated vendor delivery schedules to ensure appropriate levels of inventory and calculated liquor costs on a weekly basis. Monitored individual liquor sales and tailored specials to generate revenue; cultivated and built business relationships with liquor company representatives"	
Job.Description	Job	"Selected Accomplishments Elevated three (3) times during tenure with company. Selected to train new employees; provided ongoing direction and support"	
Job.Description	Job	Manage accounts worth 2.5M in annual sales. Exceeded sales targets in 2008 and 2009 by minimum 50%. Key player in instigating the company’s brand redesign to increase overall brand recognition. Develop and deliver new business acquisitions through business-to-business sales and trade shows. Apply business acumen to develop and capture market share. Create and execute marketing initiatives, which increase overall sales	
Job.Description	Job	Implemented various employee incentives that boosted motivation, performance, employee retention, and sales. Recognized performer by senior management and go-to-person for new projects and leadership roles. Trained and developed over 25 personnel.	
Job.Description	Job	Establish operation strategy in a team for improving sales Prepare data and information for making regular report data analysis Perform data analysis for complex data and files	
Job.Description	Job	Composed Java program for interfacing with Oracle database Performed data analysis especially financial data Performed statistical data analysis using STATA Showed data analysis in regular meetings for creating new program	
Job.Description	Job	Install, support, and project manage the opening of 75+ retail locations. Provide Tiers 2, and 3 end user support for 90+ corporate users. Install, configure, and troubleshoot secure LAN222s, WAN222s, & Intranets. Consistently managed numerous simultaneous technical projects / lead engineer for many client-related store openings, installs & upgrades. Provide networking solutions that both accommodate special needs on time and within budget	
Job.Description	Job	Handle and optimize all administrative operations for 7-physician medical practice. Scope of responsibilities includes: accounts receivable / payable, accounting, budget review, and preparation of financials for CPA. Selected Contributions: Eliminated backlog in financial reporting responsibilities within 25 days of initial hiring. Successfully project-managed acquisition and installation of state-of-the-art healthcare billing software that reduced errors by 30%	
Job.Description	Job	"Performing the administration of and any services pursuant to administration agreements in respect of a portfolio of hedge funds Initially assisting with the preparation of Net Asset Value calculations, financial statements and associated reports with a view to operate independently within deadlines Performing daily &amp; monthly reconciliations for hedge funds Working with the Investor Relations group Meeting expectations of fund participants, adhering to deadlines Maintaining day-to-day relationships with investors, investment advisors/managers, banks, brokers and auditors and other fund participants Assisting auditors and other advisers, preparing Annual Reports Assisting Supervisor and Account Manager where required"	
Job.Description	Job	Skillfully performed all office accounting tasks for small hardware store. Gathered and analyzed financial data, and processed accounts payable, accounts receivable, and payroll for workforce of 35 personnel. Selected Contributions: Created monthly and annual budget and forecast reports that contributed to a 5% decrease in annual expenditures. Migrated accounting system to a new software provider and integrated all accounting, bookkeeping, tax, and payroll functions into the new system	
Job.Description	Job	Bookkeeping: AP, AR, Account Reconciliations, Payroll Oral and Written Communications Federal and State Tax Preparation	Office Administration Positive Teamwork and Collaboration QuickBooks and Microsoft Office Suite
Job.Description	Job	Senior sales executive for the new U.S. Division of this $250 million global manufacturer of animal care products. Broad scope of responsibility included P&L accountability, strategic market planning, business development, sales forecasting, marketing, pricing, training and personnel for sales through all channels in the U.S. and Canada. Hired, trained and supervised 30 sales representatives. Grew business from one account to over 30 major accounts generating $1 million within a year. Delivered first year s gross profit 5% above plan. Recruited, hired and trained 30 sales associates in less than one year. Created marketing campaign, pricing structure and sales strategy for 600+ SKU line	
Job.Description	Job	Senior sales and marketing executive for this start-up manufacturer of niche oriented consumer products. Directed all sales and marketing activities, including lead generation, trade advertising, trade shows, account development / management and pricing. Called on all classes of trade, including wholesale, retail, mass, grocery, discount, veterinary, drug and specialty stores. Supervised a staff of 8 sales and support personnel, as well as 50 independent manufacturers representatives. Developed sales and expense budgets. Increased sales from start-up to $6 million in 18 months. Established national distribution of product in over 300 accounts. Developed marketing strategies to raise consumer sell-through of product by 20%. Hi red and trained over 50 sales staff nationally. Conceptualized a highly effective consumer advertising campaign that was featured in People, Good Housekeeping and Newsweek	
Job.Description	Job	Senior operations and merchandising executive for this start-up retail chain with 22 locations and $19 million in annual sales. Broad scope of responsibility included P&L. store operations, site selection, construction, merchandising, purchasing, inventory control, loss prevention, human resources and marketing. Led a staff of 150+. including store managers, district managers, buyers and administrative personnel. Assisted in raising capital to purchase company, which generated over $3 million in sales the first year. Grew sales to $19 million within 4 years and increased average store volume 59%. Increased gross profits 12% while reducing total inventory 20% by implementing a POS system and strong operational controls. Cut store management turnover 75% through motivational and incentive programs. Reduced sales associate turnover 25% by instituting an innovative compensation program	
Job.Description	Job	Joined company as a management trainee and advanced rapidly to store manager then district manager. Opened a new district in Detroit growing the district from zero locations to 22 stores within one year. Maintained lowest shrink percentage of all districts nationwide. Education / Professional Development TOWSON STATE UNIVERSITY - Towson. MD, Bachelor of Science, Business Administration	
Job.Description	Job	Supervise a staff of six employees to develop and execute global public relations, marketing, event, and advertising programs to raise awareness in the US and China. Pitch interviews and story ideas to global media outlets, hold press conferences: and oversee public service campaign creation, distribution, and tracking. Conceptualize and produce original campaigns featuring A-list celebrities and sports icons that arc currently reaching one billion people per week on major networks, including NBC, CBS, CNN, CCTV, Doordarshan, and Star TV, resulting in a significant increase in traffic to website. Create design brief and write content for all marketing materials, including website, corporate presentations, videos, brochures, annual reports, newsletters, and press releases. Secured strategic partnerships and endorsements with Travelocity, Angelina Jolie, Walt Disney. and UNEP World Environment Day. Serve as the official company spokesperson	
Job.Description	Job	"Recruited to launch and oversee public relations and marketing for the Aurcus World Sports Awards, the ESPN World Sports Academy, the not-for-profit Aurcus Sports for Good Foundation. and the Dunhiil Links Golf Championship. Wrote and implemented strategic marketing plan, developed a comprehensive media training manual, set and monitored a multi-million dollar budget, and managed a staff of six employees and 50 contract workers around the globe. Grew awareness by 42% to reach 2.3 billion people across 28 countries, generaiing publicity valued at 28.8 million Euros. Collaborated with journalists across 20 international markets; managed red carpet media and VIP access list, as well as all publicity in Monte Carlo of the ESPN Espy Awards. Invited high profile celebrities and sports figures, including HSH Prince Albert, Michael Jordan, Nelson Mandela, Edwin Moses, and Cathy Freeman"	
Job.Description	Job	Secured eminent accounts and promoted highly regarded sporting events, including the Alfred Dunhill Cup, Southern Africa PGA Tour, and Million Dollar Golf Challenge. Attained publicity for live concert events, including the Spice Girls, Bryan Adams Tour,. Counting Crows, and Simply Red. Launched the Tank Francaise dress watch for Cartier, and handled Stella McCartney's debut fashion collection for Chloc	
Job.Description	Job	Public Relations and Promotions Manager for a leading women's fashion periodical	
Job.Description	Job	Team Bulging Policies & Procedures Problem Solving HIPPA Officer Workers Compensation Employee Motivation Claims Process Disability Claims Staff Training & Development Contract Negotiations Accounts Payable & Receivable Quarterly Tax Returns Medical Knowledge & Terminology Customer Service	
Job.Description	Job	Oversees daily medical office operations managing a staff of 12 employees. Responsibilities include Administrative. Billing. Personnel Issues. Human Resources Policies & Procedures, Payroll and Quarterly Tax preparation and submission. Responsible for negotiating, completing and submission of all contracts with all insurance companies. Maintains compliance in areas such as OSHA, HIPPA, Coding issues and updating Policies & procedures. Prepares and distributes Payroll in addition to Quarterly Payroll Tax preparation. Post all charges and payments for insurance companies including transmissions of all electronic claims to clearinghouse. Oversees Inventory and Purchases of Medical and Office Supplies	
Job.Description	Job	Cooperate with designers to create clean interfaces and simple, intuitive interactions and experiences. Develop project concepts and maintain optimal workflow. Work with senior developer to manage large, complex design projects for corporate clients. Complete detailed programming and development tasks for front end public and internal websites as well as challenging back-end server code. Carry out quality assurance tests to discover errors and optimize usability	
Job.Description	Job	Responsible for overseeing all sales opportunities with fortune 1000 accounts as well as any large opportunities. Develop and maintained excellent working relationships with key accounts. Prospected for new clients and businesses within the Metropolitan area. Increased marketplace awareness, utilizing a well-structured and organized approach. Oversaw project development capabilities through out the region among potential clients, contractors, and consultants. Monitored sales figures and assisted Account Managers with sales techniques and complex transaction. was responsible for creating marketing plans for the Owner and General Manager	
Job.Description	Job	Worked closely with inside sales force of four Account Managers within my team. Prospect and network by telephone and in person. Provided detailed funnel reports to the general manager to include perspective clients and projections of future sales. Established and maintained professional relationships with customers to better anticipate and satisfy their needs	
Job.Description	Job	Responsibility of the retail sales workforce, ensuring they were properly trained and knowledgeable of the current products available as well as company policies and procedures. Monitored sales figures and assisted team members with sales techniques and complex transactions. Resolved customer concerns in a positive and helpful manner	
Job.Description	Job	As Lead Engineer, project managed the installation and configuration of secure LAN’s, WAN’s and Intranets for 75+ retail locations on-time and within budget. Provided Tier 2 and 3 end-user support for 90+ corporate users	
Job.Description	Job	"Worked closely with general manager to create new marketing plans. Trained account managers in sales techniques and monitored results. Personally developed and maintained key accounts with Fortune 1000 companies. Oversaw project development capabilities involving clients, contractors and consultants in assigned region. Managed multifaceted engineering issues for designated accounts; effectively worked onsite with customers on qualification, configuration and repair. Provided detailed documentation to corporate resulting in reduction resolution time"	
Job.Description	Job	Supported inside sales and account management activities. Prospected and secured new clients by telephone and in person. Provided detailed funnel reports to general manager regarding prospective clients and sales projections. Established and maintained professional relationships with customers to better anticipate and satisfy their needs	
Job.Description	Job	Directed retail sales workforce ensuring they were properly trained and knowledgeable of current product offerings. Monitored sales figures and assisted team members with sales techniques and complex transactions. Resolved customer concerns in a positive and helpful manner	
Job.Description	Job	Originated 3 to 5 residential mortgage loans per month producing over $18 million per year in real estate secured loans. Specialize in residential resale and new homes sales. Recognized as “Listing Agent of the Month” in July 2007	
Job.Description	Job	During this time I was responsible for managing all accounts in the region, including leading business development activities and revenue growth. I proved to be particularly skilled in drafting and negotiating on new contracts which required exceptional attention to detail as well as the ability to meet critical deadlines. This required a detailed understanding of the area as well as the organisational objectives to design and create new business plans for each restaurant outlet. On my part, this has been a highly challenging role that has showcased my considerable ability to plan and organise a demanding workload, as well as my excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills to secure additional funding for the business	
Job.Description	Job	Provide analysis data support in a company as Data Analyst	
Job.Description	Job	I was appointed as an Account Manager for a leading restaurant chain where I was responsible for managing key relationships with suppliers, including project managing the rollout of new menus, processes, procedures, products and services. I proved myself to be particularly skilled in nurturing new relationships with restaurateurs and the sourcing and supply of new equipment and uniforms	
Job.Description	Job	During the third year of my studies, I secured a placement year as part of my degree programme. I covered a series of rotations, including food and beverages, front of house, operations management, HR and marketing. The remainder of my placement was spent in an area that I particularly enjoyed which was marketing and business development as I really enjoyed the sales side and business development aspects of my placement. I was principally required to work with a number of tour operators who were regular guests of the hotel in order to develop and maintain these relationships, whilst also prospecting new clients in order to ensure a pipeline of future business	
Skill.Description	Skill	Python,C++,Matlab, Word,Excel, Powerpoint	
Skill.Description	Skill	Microsoft Office package: Microsoft Word, Excel, Access Database operation: Microsoft Office Access, Oracle 8i Statistical operation: SPSS, STATA Programming: C++, SQL, HTML	
Skill.Description	Skill	Sales and General Management qualifications P&L Management o Sales and Business Development Strategic and Market Planning Key Account Management/Retention Contract / Price Negotiation Loss Prevention / Shrink Control Budgeting and Expense Control Presentations and Training Merchandising / Inventory Control Staff Development and Motivation	
Skill.Description	Skill	Media Relations Corporate Presentations Strategic Partnerships Satellite Media Tours/VNRS Internal Communications Crisis Communications E-marketing Press Releases Web casts Sporting Events Market Launches Annual Reports Sponsorships Speeches Media Training	
Skill.Description	Skill	MS Windows 95/98/200/XP, MS Word, Excell. PowerPoint. Outlook,. Explorer, Access, PhotoShop, MS Project, ASeeDC, LolusNotes	
Skill.Description	Skill	Physician Office Manager (POM), Ouicken, QuickBooks, Lotus 123, Word Perfect. Excei, Access	
Skill.Description	Skill	Project management Strong decision maker Complex problem solver	Creative design Innovative Service-focused
Skill.Description	Skill	Project Management Vendor Evaluation Strategy & Execution Resource Management Innovative IT Initiatives Troubleshooting/Resolution Key Account Management Client Relations End-user Support	
Skill.Description	Skill	Windows 2000, 2003 Server and Professional, Windows XP (Pro and Home), Win 3.11/95/98, Dos 6.22, Citrix ICA, MS Exchange 2000	
Skill.Description	Skill	HP, IBM, Dell, and Intel Based Server and Desktop Platforms, Cisco 2500 Switches, Sonic Wall Hardware VPNs, HP Laser Jets, Toshiba E-310 Color Copier, Toshiba and Sony Laptops, Inter-tel Axxess VOIP Phone System Administrator	
Skill.Description	Skill	"MS Office, Visio, Citrix Metaframe XP, Symantec: PC Anywhere, Ghost, Antivirus, Utilities, Win fax; McAfee Virus Scan, Adobe: Acrobat, Illustrator, Photoshop, Partition Magic, Adware, Spyware, Malware, Virus-Removal"	
Skill.Description	Skill	TCP/IP, Wireless 802.11 a/b/g, DNS, WINS, DHCP	
Skill.Description	Skill	Nortel Networks Certified Account Specialist - Enterprise Solutions ? Cisco Certified Sales Expert – Small to Medium Business Solutions ? 3 Com: Certified Solutions Associate, Three Star Sales Certification ? APC Symmetra Certified Systems Engineer	
Skill.Description	Skill	Business Development Relationship Management Client Relations Attention to Detail Monitoring Performance & KPIs Sales Management Performance Tracking & Monitoring Excellent Verbal & Communication Skills Business Leadership Commercial Awareness Presentations Budget Control & Management Customer Service Operations Management Project Management	
Award.Description	Award	Secured strategic partnerships and contractual agreements with renowned sports organizations, including Olympic Organizing Committees, JAAF, Pro Golf Associations, and AIPS. Spearheaded product placement for prestigious companies, including Cartier, BMW and Alfred Dunhill. with A-list celebrities Tom Cruise, Samuel L. Jackson, Hugh Grant, and Heidi Klum. Launched the ESPN Espy Awards and coordinated large-scale television events with 1000 VIPS, broadcast in 180 countries	
Award.Description	Award	ServSafe Food & Alcohol Certified	
